Hey everyone, so
now you've seen almost everything
that has to do about multimedia.
So you know what's important about it.
>> I guess so
yeah the importance of multimedia and
kind of our technology is advancing in
every which way with speaking of
Internet of Things, there will be a lot
of advancements in the multimedia,
I guess, sector of Internet of Things.
So what's important about multimedia,
the importance of it?
Well, with multimedia we
are seeing a digital,
read it there,
digital audio revolutionizing in music.
Right so I mean just in,
I would imagine in your generation, but
in my generation I'm relatively young,
late 20s, 30s.
>> [LAUGH] Late 30s.
>> Yeah, late 30s.
No, but the iPod, this iPod MP3,
I guess you could say Flash
storage music players.
Now, let's just use the iPod for example.
>> Yeah.
>> So the iPod,
I mean this came out in my generation.
It's amazing, I've seen-
>> I actually remember when I
had the little CD player,
you carry that around with the headphones.
>> And every step you take it's skipping.
I remember before that
I had a tape player.
I had a Walkman with cassette tapes.
You know, I remember all of
our cars had cassette players.
I had a cassette player car.
So I mean like,
in our lifetime we've seen so
much advancement in audio multimedia or
the audio media.
>> Mm-hm.
>> Yeah, so I mean, so important,
it's such an important field and
it's advancing so
quickly you can even see it.
You can see it on a day to day basis,
right?
It's also important, as we're going to
be focusing on the slide, but
the convergence of computer,
telecommunication radio, and TV.
Right so, now you can make
phone calls over your computer.
You can make phone calls from
your phone to a computer.
From a computer to a phone,
from a computer to 20,000 computers.
You can send news all around the world,
YouTube, the moment something
happens anywhere in the world,
someone records that and
puts it up on YouTube.
So how important is multimedia?
It's very important.
Very important.
>> Very important.
>> It's all around you.
>> Yeah, and
the new application potential is huge.
I mean, every day I feel like I hear some
new application that I wish I thought of.
That someone puts up on the Apple Store
and makes millions of dollars because he
just took something that might have
already existed or something that everyone
already knew about or uses and
just thought of that new clever way.
>> To improve it or use it better.
>> To improve it, yeah, or
get it out to the public.
>> Right?
>> Right.
So, yeah, so you know,
as with every good thing
comes some downfalls and
as multi media advances and
as more people start to
interact on the web or
through the networks, you're going to
see also some technical issues.
There's going to be possibly
some security breaches.
You have to be prepared for that as well.
So yeah,
the importance of multimedia is huge.
Just the fact that you're taking this
course shows that you're interested in it.
And we hope that later on when you
get to build the application with us,
you'll at least have some fun.
>> And remember, if you guys
are really interested in this stuff,
don't forget to check
out the lecture slides,
we have a link right there on the side.
>> Yeah.
>> You can check out those slides.
Yeah I mean,
it's a lot of the same information.
A little bit more of course.
There's some diagrams on that
link right down there as well.
I'll provide it at the end of the slide
show two so you can that out.
And also stay tuned for the next module
where our professors going to speak to you
a lot about codecs and multimedia.
So that will be really interesting as
well but anyways, that's pretty much just
us talking to you about the importance
of what you're kind of diving into here.
So we look forward to seeing
you in the next videos.